---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - First presentation
description: "We introduced the topic candidates to the professor, and we had the first presentation."
---

## Meeting with professor Oakley - 
Our team narrowed topics into two - a thimble (or possibly a ring) combined with a joystick and attaching a trackpad on the palm. To demonstrate our ideas clearly to professor, we made low-fidelity prototypes out of clay and brought them with us to the meeting. 


The professor suggested that we should take a look at previous literature more carefully. He also gave us a list of related papers:

### NailO 

<p class='paper-citation'>Kao, H. L. C., Dementyev, A., Paradiso, J. A., & Schmandt, C. (2015, April). NailO: fingernails as an input surface. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (pp. 3015-3018). ACM.</p>

### Ring touchpand

<p class='paper-citation'>Ens, B., Byagowi, A., Han, T., Hincapié-Ramos, J. D., & Irani, P. (2016, October). Combining Ring Input with Hand Tracking for Precise, Natural Interaction with Spatial Analytic Interfaces. In Proceedings of the 2016 Symposium on Spatial User Interaction (pp. 99-102). ACM.</p>

### Open Palm Menu

<p class='paper-citation'>Azai, T., Otsuki, M., Shibata, F., & Kimura, A. (2018, February). Open Palm Menu: A Virtual Menu Placed in Front of the Palm. In Proceedings of the 9th Augmented Human International Conference (p. 17). ACM.</p>

### PalmType

<p class='paper-citation'>Wang, C. Y., Chu, W. C., Chiu, P. T., Hsiu, M. C., Chiang, Y. H., & Chen, M. Y. (2015, August). PalmType: Using palms as keyboards for smart glasses. In Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (pp. 153-160). ACM.</p>

### Finexus

<p class='paper-citation'>Chen, K. Y., Patel, S. N., & Keller, S. (2016, May). Finexus: Tracking precise motions of multiple fingertips using magnetic sensing. In Proceedings of the 2016 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (pp. 1504-1514). ACM.</p>


## First presentation

The first presentation was on 30th March, and DoYeon introduced our topic and future plans for the project. [Download](/src/Capstone-concept presentation.pdf)<br><br>

#### Introducing HoloLens and why
>- One of 25 TIMES best inventions of 2015<br>
>- Very accurate and precise compared to its competitors<br>
>- Gestures (2 type: click and bloom) and voice input implemented thoroughly<br>

#### Problems with existing input systems
>- Gaze: unstable<br>
>- Pointing gesture: driving attention, arm fatigue<br>
>- Voice input: obtrusive, cannot be used in shared events<br>

#### Related works - solutions
>- Spatialize
>    - Ring device utilizing pointing action
>    - Pointing: obtrusive, interaction is unfamiliar
>- Ring-type device<br>
    - Combining spatial information and gestures using trackpad<br>
    - repetitive movement: exhausting<br>

#### Topic candidates & Research question
>- Pointing interaction is not stable<br>
>- Gesture interaction is obtrusive<br>
>- Trackpad doesn’t match the interaction we want to implement<br>

#### Expected outcomes
>1. Working prototype<br>
>2. Evaluation report assessing performance<br.
