---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Interim Presentation
---

## Previous works
-   Three problems in HoloLens interaction: gaze, pointing gesture, voice input
## Specified goal
-   Trackpoint utilizes force or pressure instead of movement -> the novelty of isometric input system in terms of research. Most input devices recognize movement, force is supplementary 
-   Pros: 1) no push backs when using (특히 손에 센서가 있다면 손에 쥐고 사용하는 것이기 때문에 밀리는 부분(push back)이 없이 사용가능) 2) pressure can be transformed in many ways, for example if the pressure goes beyond a specific threshold, we could create a menu that recognizes four directions
-   Cons : 1) low learnability – user needs more time to get used to it, 2) circular movement is difficult compared to linear


## Prototyping
-   Succeeded in disassembling the keyboard
-   Problem: trackpoint cannot select but only move -> implement pressure sensor for ‘click’s
-   HoloLens can only recognize external devices via Bluetooth. Unfortunately, our TrackPoint uses micro-USB input, so TrackPoint USB -> Arduino & Arduino+Bluetooth Module -> HoloLens
-   Pressure Sensor - Arduino Serial Communication ( Success )
-   Trackpoint - Arduino Serial Communication ( Success )
-   Arduino & Bluetooth Module - Laptop Communication ( Success )
-   Trackball - Arduino Serial Communication ( Success )
-   Trackpoint gets the data properly but pin alignment could be different because x-axis movement appears as that of y-axis on Arduino -> connected the TrackPoint to Arduino Due (has micro USB port), some low-level code from Uno might not work due to compatibility
-   Future considerations: Need to think about how we will apply the input acceleration value from the trackpoint to the reticle. 
-   Considering the comfort, prototypes will be made through 3D printing with elastic filaments such as Ninjaflex or Semiflex. The model should be simple (similar to 2.5D shape) because the layers will be thick due to the filament. 뒷문장 좀 추상적인 느낌이 있는데 아닌 것 같다 싶으시면 빼주세요

<video controls>
  <source src="img/Trackball.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
</video>

<video controls>
  <source src="img/Trackpoint+pressure_sensor.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
</video>

## Evaluation
-   희나언니 논문 레퍼 (pinpoint) 실험 디자인
-   Evaluation: time consumed to do some specific task, error rate, (work load, social acceptance), user’s perceived difficulties
-   Do not use pinching interaction @ Hololens to compare similar interaction. Use dwell interaction (이거 이유가 있어야 할 거 같은데 뭐였을까요)
-   Fitts’ Law: representative model of relationship between  fitts’ law, but Cannot use it because the trackpoint itself doesn’t move. Even if we cannot apply the law to our experiment, we will just use the paradigm (design of experiment) such as time, distance, and etc.


## To-do list for next week

- [ ] Finish building Unity app for experiment on HoloLens
- [ ] Connect hardware(physical prototype) to HoloLens
- [ ] Conduct experiments(evaluation)
